What the app love people again this year
the tradition will be continued
Get regular cool iOS and Android
apps introduce five cool ones today
Android apps I use regularly
I hope you like it if so
is then I'm just enormously high
otherwise leave me in the comments
Know which apps you still have in mind
had
Let's go
The step I want to introduce you
means shuttle and shuttle is the
most stylish music player of me so far
In the android store he is
has this horny android lollipop style
that is so minimalist and me
just like this design a lot
It has many features and offers
you the possibility that look too
to adapt and many little things are
the really this player especially
For example, this is just what it is
picture of the artist automatically
the internet down because they are not yet
picture has it gives a little short bio
of every artist that is displayed on
and much more really tried
Simply from shuttle is the best plan b
I've found number two so far
lazy swype who knows me knows that me
a little faible for multitasking eps
I can and call this one by
Just get out of one before
selected activation point in the
screen has wiped into three menus
You can easily see the whole as you can see
so wipe and not many
attitudes but very convenient and
a cool design if you ask me
you can also easily from any app
out so easily bring in rage
it also tries out notifications
By the way, you will be shown
everything they normally do in the
You can also edit bar
see there
continue with sunrise calendar of
in my opinion best calendar app
which is currently available she is beautiful
The design is also so great
minimalist fits in with this
android lollipop thing connects
automatically with facebook evernote and
other apps just to be all
memories events and dates
what a look really shows
is practical if you somehow
trying to organize your life like that
how I do it then it is almost
a must-have sunrise calendar
into the ice is the next and how the
name says that until the instagram
and pictures sizes and although she is
instagram so that you can upload a picture
Always wants the whole thing only square
is displayed and you often because of that
something has to be cut away into the ice
as a picture is simply up and down
or left and right to a square
added and is very convenient because
so you can upload the whole picture yes
also works with videos and has
I also have other functions
do not want to go for example
I use pictures of collages
personally never but can imagine
that one or is happy about it
that everything has fun with it
if we are already in pictures come
we go to the next corner called pictures and
pictures is a gallery app in one
really nice minimalist design
i, for example, have the samsung galaxy
s 5 and is a super handy but the
Gallery app is just not great
and above all, she just lives a lot too
slowly
and here are the pictures really
fast the images are loaded
automatically sorted the whole is nice
to watch and you have for example
also the possibility the whole in
to display a calendar function like this
that the pictures are practically after date
sorted to be displayed clearly
my favorite gallery from the me
could find so far looks gorgeous
out
pictures just try that out
they were i hope there was something for everyone
there
if you still have suggestions then
Just type in the comments below
Let us know which app you like on the
Most liked and who knows
maybe you come with your app
suggestion to the next video
See you